Create ui-c8y-1021-34-2-ui-make-device-info-delete-button-use-lwm-2-m-agent.md (#2865)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/device-management/ui-c8y-1021-34-2-ui-make-device-info-button-use-lwm-2-m-agent.md

---

> date: ""

Reviewer: ```suggestion
date: '2025-02-06'
```

ticket: DM-3538
version: 1021.34.2
---

> Previously, the **Delete** button on the **Info** tab in the device details were not integrated for LWM2M devices and an additional cleanup operation was required. Now this button is integrated for LWM2M device and LWM2M devices can now be properly deleted. For more details see [user documentation](/protocol-integration/lwm2m/#device-deletion).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Previously, the **Delete** button on the **Info** tab in the device details was not integrated for LWM2M devices and an additional cleanup operation was required. This button is now integrated for LWM2M devices so that they can be properly deleted. For more details see the [LWM2M user documentation](/protocol-integration/lwm2m/#device-deletion).
```
